# Cryptoanalitics results

What is it? This is the data from the coinmarketcap for the first 150 coins per year. Data was taken once a day at approximately the same time. This is the main part of my research, which formed the basis of the trading strategy. These data allow us better understand the market and coins in particular.

How to use it. The document consists of two sheets "Grafics" and "Data". You can choose coin on Data sheet and explore it on the charts. Now consider in more detail. On the Data sheet there is a graph MoneyFlow vs Bitcoin, where MoneyFlow can be interpreted as a stream of money that is directed to the market and we compare it with the rate of bitcoin. Only calculation results are presented here. The formula is obtained thanks to fundamental statistical laws, as well as observations.

There are a lot of columns on the Data sheet, and if you visited Coinmarketcap, you will find nothing new, except for 3 columns (Degradation, Index1, Index2). Degradation means the coefficient of degradation and is used to calculate the order. The larger the coefficient, the higher the risk, therefore, I divide the nominal value of the planned order by it. This is an element of money management.

Index1 and Index2 correlate and complement each other. In a first approximation, we can say that these are indicators of overbought or oversold, or more precisely, a force that deviates the market from its equilibrium value, the larger these indices, the stronger the deviation, which should return to its equilibrium state, and this is facilitated by the growth of entropy and the growing complexity of the market. Now it is more simple Index1 -> 3, and Index2 -> 0. I.e. if the first is more greater than 3, and the second is more grater then 0, then it says that an external force is applied to lower the rate and if this force weakens, then the value will return to the nominal value. Similarly, with underestimation of the indices, it will mean that the force is directed to increase the course and when the strength disappears the course will drop. Of course, this is all conditional and is based on a hypothetical evolutionary model of the market, which is modeled and verified in such a way. 

It is make help you do not get bad deals. And indeed many applications for this information are opening up. You can see it if you analyze the charts on the Grafics sheet, there all the necessary information is compared for making a trading decision.
 Another important feature of these graphs is not redrawn with new data. Also, these data can provide value for your own research and experiments,  since I did not find information in this form on the network.